# Problem 2026-J1: Concert Tickets

## Problem Description

Besa wants to buy tickets for the upcoming Saylor Twift concert.

Given the total number of tickets for the concert and the number of tickets other people have purchased, your job is to determain whether or not Besa can buy her desired number of tickets

## Input Specification

The first line of input contains a positive integer, $B$, representing the number of tickets Besa wants to buy.

The second line contains a positive integer, $T$, representing the total number of tickets for the concert.

The third line contains a positive integer, $P$, where $P \leq T$, representing the number of tickets other people have purchased.

## Output Specification

If Besa cannot buy $B$ tickets, output $N$. Otherwise, output $Y$, followed by a single space, followed by the number of tickets that would remain after Besa buys $B$ tickets.

## Sample Input 1

```
5
100
70
```

## Output for Sample Input 1

`Y 25`

## Explanation of Output for Sample Input 1

There are a total of $100$ tickets for the concert. Besa wants to buy $5$ tickets and other people have purchased $70$ tickes. So, $100-75=25$ tickets would remain after Besa buys $5$ tickets.

## Sample Input 2

```
3
200000
199998
```

## Output for Sample Input 2

`N`

## Explanation of Output for Sample Input 2

There are a total of $200 \: 000$ tickets for the concert. Besa wants to buy $3$ tickets and other people have purchased $199 \: 998$ tickets. So, Besa cannot buy $3$ tickets.